# joegame is free: notes on the internet, hosting, and the virtue of grafitti

joegame is free, but there are many ways things can be "free," when you think about it. Sartre famously identifies freedom with suicide, liberalism identifies freedom with a certain organization of the economy, and the Best Western says that it is the continental breakfast that is "free." When we say that 'joegame is free' its more like the last one there.

joegame will be on the internet though, so in a sense it can never really be 'free', and that is what I am going to try and explain today.

When you start to type into the address bar of your modern browser it begins to guess where you want to go and provides either suggestions for your search or an address that you can `tab-tab-tab` down to and press enter. Even before you have gone to a website, your web browser has made a bunch of things called 'http requests' to a bunch of different other computers somewhere in the world. At this stage, its mostly to google, because google has your search recommendations and, notoriously if you are in Google Chrome, it provides the address reccomendations as well. After you press enter you make one final other request

No matter what anyone tells you, the internet hasn't _really_ changed that much since the 90s: it is essentially a combination of infrastructure, computers, and software that come together to allow computers to talk with one another. Ok, what do we mean by 'talking' to each other? A good rule of thumb when thinking about computers is, when you wonder 'how could a computer accomplish this task?', just think of the simplest way it _could_ accomplish it, and you will usually be fundamentally right for the current overall implementation, even if you dont really have much prior knowledge. What I mean is simply: assume our assignment is 'to get two computers to talk to each other' and there is no extra credit for doing anything more than that, how quickly can we satisfy the assignment so we can clock-out? We can also assume here that we have something like the 'hardware' already built: we have, that is, two computers and cable between them.

Much of the art and ingenuity of what went into the internet comes from the ever-sophisticated ways
